alternative macro for throwing on enum serialization errors (#3996)
nlohmann/json: docs/mkdocs/docs/api/macros/nlohmann_json_serialize_enum.md

# NLOHMANN_JSON_SERIALIZE_ENUM and NLOHMANN_JSON_SERIALIZE_ENUM_STRICT

```cpp
#define NLOHMANN_JSON_SERIALIZE_ENUM(type, conversion...)
#define NLOHMANN_JSON_SERIALIZE_ENUM_STRICT(type, conversion...)
```

By default, enum values are serialized to JSON as integers. In some cases this could result in undesired behavior. If an
enum is modified or re-ordered after data has been serialized to JSON, the later de-serialized JSON data may be
undefined or a different enum value than was originally intended.

> The `NLOHMANN_JSON_SERIALIZE_ENUM` and `NLOHMANN_JSON_SERIALIZE_ENUM_STRICT` macros allow to define a user-defined serialization for every enumerator.

Reviewer: The wording of this sentence reads really weird to me, a possible alternative:
```suggestion
The `NLOHMANN_JSON_SERIALIZE_ENUM` and `NLOHMANN_JSON_SERIALIZE_ENUM_STRICT` macros allow specifying a user-defined serialization for every enumerator.
```
This then matches the language in the following sentence: "first value specified in the macro".

Author: much better, thank you

    --8<-- "examples/nlohmann_json_serialize_enum_2.output"
    ```

??? example "Example 3: Strict error handling"

    The example shows how to define strict error handling for enum serialization.

>     In the example conversion between `Color` and json throw an exception in case of erros (instead of defauting to the first value).

Reviewer 2: typo: erros instead of errors

Author: changed
